Hello friends, it often happens that
whenever we purchase a new car or bike,
we do not renew its insurance for the next few years. The reason is that
we have already paid the dealer for the next three or five
years and
our insurance is done, so
why should we get insurance again? Friends,
in today's video we will learn
which policy we should buy after the first year and
all your doubts will be cleared. It is a new car,
brother, how should you
renew the insurance after purchasing it, which one should you do? So,
this is my promise to you that if you
watch this entire video, you will not make any mistake while
renewing your insurance.
Friends, first of all, let's talk about the
powers of an insurance policy. See, it has two parts. The
first part is the third party. The third part is
now given to the insurance company, in
return for which the insurance company
covers the loss of the other person, that is, if there is an accident
with a person or any
property in which your vehicle is involved, then all the
loss of the other person is covered in exchange for the premium of this third party.
And friends, the second part is of the country.  The
share is that Africa, they get the premium
online, this means that friends, whatever
damage has happened to your car, your option, all that
damage will be covered by the insurance company
and in return the money that the insurance
company takes from you, the same damage is covered
and the body that is formed by combining these two is
called complete first
party insurance, more comprehensive
insurance policy. Now friends, let's talk about
when you go to buy a new car or bike,
which policy does it give you day and night,
it gives you bundled plane, divisional plane or
not, take more gap in this. Now in the case of a car, it will
give you one year complete
insurance, that is, your loss is covered and the
loss of the other person as well, it will take
back only the third party money for the next 2 years and will
give you the same policy. In the case of a bike, it will be
one year complete, it will give you comprehensive
insurance and the third party policy for the next 14 years
and will take the money from you for the same.
Why is this so? See, Idea is an organization
which regulates insurance in India, it
noticed that people are not getting
insurance done after buying a new car or bike
and
many people are arrested for their vehicle whenever that
vehicle is on the road.  If it comes out, then he
said that whether you cover your vehicle
or not, but you will have to
cover the risk of the rest of the people who are in competition with your vehicle through a third party policy,
you will have to cover them, so
therefore you have to
pay the third party money to the insurance company for 2 years in the case of a car and for the next four years in the case of a bike
and later if
you wish to cover your option then
you can get it covered for a mixer grinder.
Now friends, now the matter comes that
as soon as your first year ends, this
entire policy is about to end and
renewal of your insurance comes, so
which policy do you have to buy, friends,
you have to change the policy, stand alone cause
damage policy, stand anonymous means it is a
policy only for your owner, you have to change it,
in the case of a car you have to do this for the next two years and
in the case of a bike you have to do this for the next 14 years,
with this all the damages caused to your vehicle will
also be covered
and you can already
purchase it from the dealer.  You have already paid the money to the insurance company. At the
time of taking the Voltage policy, you can
also include the ID of your vehicle, whatever its value is, so that you
can keep the calendar of theft or total, and whatever
advances you have with you, whether it is
zero depression, consumables,
returned tow invoice, engine product,
whatever facility you want to add, you can
avail all those benefits by adding it in the add-on policy.
Now friends, there is only one condition in this
that whenever you buy your Sandal on Debit
policy, your
third party policy for the next one year should be for a girl child. For example,
suppose
your third party policy is for a 9-month-old
girl, then you cannot buy a one-year Sandal on
Damage policy because the third
party is the basic coverage that must be there. To
buy any insurance policy, if you have one year
left for the third party, then only you
can take this Android policy. And suppose
you have bought a standalone policy in this for a
longer period and your third party policy is
not left for the full one year, then that
Tulsi will be cancer in the next  The monthly policy will be
rejected and you will not get any claim, so
you have to be careful about this. So
friends, I have tried my best to
tell you in simple language
how you can get your bundle policy extended for the
next 2 years in case of car and for the
next 14 years in case of bike. After the entire policy is
over properly, after that your
first party will be formed every year on normal
principles like I will be your
two Tabrez rescuers, that is,
of your bike as well and the saint in front will be Saint Kabir.
But still, if you have any doubt
or any other question comes to your mind which is
not cleared, please
go to the comment section and write it. We will be very happy to
answer it. So friends, we will
meet you with updates and new information in the next video. Feel free and
take care. Stay fit and stay healthy. Thank
you.
[Music]